okay we should be live
here so I was going to just work on um
my own stuff today you know I've got
some Ms to work on on on the weekends
but
um Kyle's around and wants to work on
this rocket thing so I thought that that
would be a fun thing to do today he'll
be back in like an hour he does a bunch
of cool work can reinforcement learning
so go check his stuff out here and uh
yeah we're going to
try we're going to try to get that
rocket M into a decent spot before he
gets back in an hour or so huge amount
of cool
stuff on here huge amount of cool stuff
on here
happening as well as on the
Discord just to show um just in the
last like 24 hours
look this is since this morning all
these are
today and all this stuff from the
18th 30 40 more
people if you're interested in
contributing to
stuff where' it
Go status update right here
let's get this thing set up and we're
going to start coding on this rocket end
we can see if we'll make it look a
little better by the time Kyle gets back
as well as uh fix the setup a little
easier
okay rch check out rocket
Rocket
Man okay we do have box 2D in
here I have it in
here no I don't
oh actually that's awkward right
okay that looks like that
builds you know what I'm going to do
since this is a
collab I'm going to make it easy on uh
on
Kyle we're going to just do this
so it has fast
compile and I think I'm going to commit
the Box 2D stuff as well uh
why okay so something's weird here uh I
might have forgotten some setup
Flags okay so here's our rocket Lander
thing
and what's wrong with
this oh I forgot to link um box
2D so we do box 2D
include I think it's
build Source Maybe
box
2D invalid M name rocket Lander really
oh I know what's wrong with
this I have it commented because it was
breaking
[Music]
stuff I think I got to like un
ort all these cuz they're not going to
be built for
him uh I can leave the functions
actually the only one that I have to get
rid of uh these ones that are
imported okay so that should be that
should be
good now let me fix the uh the thing so
it actually falls correctly
all right so why is this thing not
falling now
oh okay there we go so now we have this
thing why is it so janky the way it
renders like
this oh I forgot did I forget to add
rotation or something
like no I
didn't rectangle inner
origin withth over
two height over two is
origin I think that is correct though
trying to think how I would do uh if I
just wanted to
draw the lines for this
it's actually not a rotation option on
any of these is there
well hold on isn't there
just there's a rotation formula
right that I can
use
origin this feel like something I should
literally just be able to chat
GPT uh cuz this is just like
a annoying piece of basic
trig it's like you got to apply I think
a rotation Matrix or
something
uh outline shape
all
lines but it can be
rotated I have
the uh
[Music]
Corners box
set
to
two
able rot
around CER of the
Box MC
[Music]
points let me see if this makes sense
why not use
o1 we'll see if it's any
better
here I have not noticed either of them
being particularly good I don't even
know if they will be able to do this
correctly
thought for 20
seconds let's see actually sure this
will be funny which of these is
better so we got rot
Point
um 01 is way better in my experience for
code as
well well first of all I don't know why
it maled here that's kind of
weird difference is interesting I don't
I very very rarely uh use any of this to
like write substantial pieces of code
like I almost never do this I'm just
seeing if it does it one shot
um I actually I very very rarely use
these to like write whole pieces of
code I generally don't think it's a a
useful thing it's just I know that right
now like I haven't done trig in forever
and I'm just trying to see if I can get
something
quick which is a dumb dumb reason but
ironically better I don't know that's
weird I don't know
maybe Sonic to be
better oh want it better
debugging yeah it's funny I actually I
very the only thing that I typically use
I'll use chat GPT or whatever for like
basically documentation on stuff when
like I can't find docs for error
messages anymore cuz the web is so
garbage um the main thing that I use for
code is just super Maven and I basically
use it as a typing buff I generally
don't think it's a great idea to try to
use these things to replace the thinking
portion so here let me see so if I just
do points
oops so plus width plus height yeah
that's fine and then we do draw rotated
shape they local
does that actually
work oh no it
doesn't
wait that doesn't look right to me
right no look it's like rotating around
an a crazy access
right yeah this is
nuts do we try the other one
sup who's
Kyle he'll be back in a little bit to
get this started which is why I'm hoping
that we get us stuff done first holy
notifications
Batman uh where's
Kyle Kyle does cool robot and RL stuff
uh UT
Austin also harp
seals harp seal
man oh wait did I
already there we got draw rotated
shape let me see if either of these
Works real quick
too
many draw rotated shape points non
points origin
angle color color oops
we got
color really enjoying tinkering with
puffer really helps to stream on
everything with a boost in performance I
hope
so I hope it's
useful I'm building it all day
long let me know if there's anything
that's broken or whatnot I mean we rely
on uh reports and community
contributions to build this thing at a
reasonable
Pace puffer seal
harp seals are pretty
awesome okay so they both failed in
exactly the same way it looks
like so I think we're going to have to
um yeah we're going to have to just go
with what we had before in the name
of getting this thing done quickly which
is the Glitchy but actually like rotates
correctly
rectangle so like it you can see like
the
uh I wonder why it does this to be
honest for
I should probably just focus on trying
to get some basic model for
this for
okay so what we want to do is on reset
we want to apply random Force
right
oops
fly
Force okay so Random Force
here the Lander
B2 body get World
point oh so we have to just
apply I guess we can just do
like apply a random Force
to what do we think the top of
it me make sure uh Kyle realized too
check
Stream So what the heck these
notifications cool
stuff oh
yeah okay we'll leave this up here just
uh in case Kyle gets back and DMS me and
doesn't realize I'm on
stream okay so here is rocket Lander it
doesn't seem like it applied much of a
force to start with uh I think the
magnitude just needs to
be way bigger
right mag
100K
NOP doesn't appear that any Force got
applied UNS substantially
oh because you have to
step the world I suppose
right no that wasn't
it where's the uh the constant or
whatever that I have for
Force thrust scale is 1
million what I have
here oh I can't tell maybe it's
that hold on
no this is not
right
H linear velocity angular
velocity apply
Force do I have to like step
after I reset but that wouldn't make any
sense right if I had to do
this is it actually like compiling this
I'm
confused oh no it's not actually
compiling this it looks like that's
weird print F left Force
this doesn't actually call
reset that'll do it
okay so here now it has a random Force
Supply do
it make that a little
bigger also don't know do we need to
step probably do need to step the
world okay so like now you can see it
has like this random force and now you
kind of have to like fix the rocket or
whatever now we come up with a reward
not this
okay let's see what we think of
this okay so now we have this rocket
Lander M right we're getting a negative
reward
I messed it up
where is 0000
trying to figure out if this reward is
reasonable or
not probably need to
like velocity and then we need to do
like print
right
so now we can see the velocity
here it's a pretty darn
good we got a Negative X reward we got
negative y reward oh no positive y
reward which is good this actually goes
up as you go farther
down uh this y reward is way too small
though it would seem
too
small rotation
reward also too
small and then the speed reward is
huge so let's see if this makes it more
reasonable
okay so you have a very small negative
reward on X cuz you're basically
zero it goes
up the board is actually the X in the Y
rewards are too small I think
right and these X and Y rewards are
still too
small okay
there we go now you actually get like a
0.1 reward
potentially and then
rotation okay rotation very quickly gets
negative but that's probably
fine then speed is also very quickly
negative yeah there you go so these are
potentially reasonable scaled rewards I
think
right uh they're kind of big
I might want to like divide this whole
thing by five or
something like five
yeah bring death
okay so now we have our rocket and you
can like land this thing
right something like this
right trying to get this rocket to land
this way
something's weird with the Thruster on
here
okay you can kind of do
it let's commit all this first
Pi H C status Dot
rocket
stuff do I want to commit all of box
2D probably
not we'll let Kyle get that on his own
he should be back pretty soon now so I
think I've gotten it into at least a
somewhat workable
State s of notifications just keep
coming for
let's do a basic train
run let's see if it actually learns
anything we also do have boxes available
uh for
sweeps 230k o oops I forgot hold
on did I not
rebuild
cool
230k why is the reward just getting
worse
that's very
odd they're probably like some data
problems and some Physics problems and
other things with
this I would
imagine let's see if we can just find
any of the potential sources of error or
k gets here
like shouldn't be that hard
right is there a difference between the
way I'm controlling it
manually so we just set action Z one or
two these get set to one right
person F well this could be an issue
right
okay though we can see that these are
like reasonable looking random actions
right it's just giving you one zero so
this is not corrupted I was afraid that
this was potentially corrupted this is
fine
why is this thing just not capable of
learning it's very very
weird if we have any physics enthusiasts
who want to hop on this today like
literally now that'd be awesome but um
we'll see what Kyle wants to do if he's
happy being on stream or not
um ideally we'll just like I'll figure
some way to like just move the Discord
call onto the stream type
thing I like kind of just building all
this stuff out in the open it's
[Music]
fun yeah so this episode return is like
obviously bad
probably need to rebuild
this I have stupid Hyper
prameters 10 million steps big
batch I mean these don't look stupid to
me e
this is an average reward of negative .1
per step which should be in the right
range episodes are long but they're not
crazy long this should be very
addressable for for the
agent I can set up a quick carb sweep
actually
or maybe set this up on box
zero let me set this up on the the
higher per box actually that'll probably
be better for us
right cool
cool then I can literally give him
access to this box if he wants uh
of
St I think we can set up a little hyper
pram sweep on this
box 3,000 new lines up we're getting big
Che out
rocket should be good with this let's go
get box
2D oh don't we have a puffer Fork to
this hang on I think there is a puffer
Fork
I not Fork it
here I thought I'd forked it
there no box 2D
Fork oh no I didn't Fork it yet I was
going to Fork it
right uh let me do that real
quick maybe I forked it under my own
profile by accident
I guess I just
forgot big deal
oops damn it
okay something weird
happened let's do this I bet it's just
lines like being weird yeah there we
go
core and then there's one other
parameter I had to change in order to
make this
thing yeah this one right here
64k is what I said it
to
and 4.
H
build uh bock Tod
increase
worlds
cool now we
build and then we will see whether uh
from
this we we will see whether from this we
are um good to
go and we can run this on the big
box Giga fast
training here's a restro real quick
while this
[Music]
builds
e
e e
H nobody told me my mic was
muted nobody told me my mic was muted
I've been talking to myself here for 5
minutes whatever
yes thought Twitter stream was bugging
nope forgot to unmute my
mic I'm dumb
Max this has to be a distribution I
guess oops
all right so batch size is going to go
from six
whoops two
to you work now
dude where is it
figuring you know what we'll just have
to do some
custom Shenanigans for
this I don't even want to sweep the
batch size
yeah like look we don't
use any of
these for
[Music]
bail key error batch size
okay here we go now we got our rocket M
we got our sweep
running I got a custom thing going for
us with all the latest
hold
on there we
go so now we wait for this to either
magically solve things for us or uh
something else
yeah in the meantime we can probably
figure out first of all for
there a clothes on this there
is we call Freelander
and we do call destroy
World
interesting but I don't know then why
this wouldn't get
um when this wouldn't get used
it's very weird how these params are
like maybe it's just bad hypers we'll
see it's a little bit obnoxious because
I'm pretty sure we run out of world IDs
with box 2D and it will crash in a bit
but for now we have like very fast
experiments going
here
um this branch has pushed as as well so
you can go grab it it's a pretty easy
Standalone
setup in uh rocket Branch if you want to
help me figure out what's wrong with
this goal is to get a decent looking
physically correct rocket like Landing
somewhat today that would be
good I mean the perf is there like
whatever we need to train we will be
able to train this for as long as we
need in order to get this working it's
just figuring out like why why it's
being buggy and
weird where's Kyle
at long shopping trip I guess
all right well this is going to take a
few minutes I will leave these up so you
can watch this and I will hopefully this
will find a decent set if it doesn't
find a decent set there's probably
something wrong uh I'm going to just go
make another cup of tea and stuff and
maybe KY will be here by the time I get
back we'll
see don't let me forget to unmute the
mic this
time
e
e e
okay still no Kyle
um these runs are weird you
know there's really not much
variation in the episode return at
all
um I mean I confirmed that it can
learn it can
optimize like a sanity task in this I
don't think anything's like
fundamentally fundamentally
broken but it is kind of
weird that you're not seeing it really
pick up and on anything much at all
here double check a couple things
and so here's our we're passing data
looks fine to
me OBS actions rewards and then we call
a
nit create
world it's
fine how's the binding for
it binding also looks fine we pass
actions as
floats actions equal equal 1 equal equal
2 equal equal
3 the discreet four four-way discreet
for
now
right and OBS rewards terminals
and we right into the OBS
right looks fine to
me reward
here reward also looks
fine let's swap
these this one will go
there message Kyle there and
it's weird how it like starts off
better and immediately does
worse for
this isn't finding anything so fill
this build
this uh
ah
do set this up
all right well I fix terminals doesn't
really make a difference
what else could this
be what else could this be
looat of
three let's try something
do
render reward
oh I've checked like most of the usual
stuff already here
it's not
multiprocess okay here's our
observations
data got our float actions
rewards is reasonable looking
right four
four
yeah looks reasonable
seven there's a small positive
there the thing I don't get is why you
get this negative curve where it starts
off better and then if it just like you
know it's it gets like worse
up
very odd
all right he says it'll be on in 15 I
got 15 minutes to make this thing
work before he jumps on it's like what
the heck are you
doing we're going to Speed Run RL
debugging if any YouTube folks have any
ideas
I'm all ears I think I'm going to just
try to play this and uh print out
my episode returns
like
oops probably don't need clang to be
honest we can probably just GCC
seg
V oh I'm on the server is why okay hold
on
what else did I miss
P the rocket
folks if you haven't started the uh the
puff for Li repo please go ahead and do
that it really really does help me out a
lot perfectly
free okay so here's the rocket Lander
end okay so log NE
7.8 is the episode return and if I just
like let it
fall you can see it's getting like a
pretty reasonable return
right and -3
it's actually kind of hard to do any
better is it actually just not able to
learn anything better than the default
policy is that
it no that was good right
n 19
10 well that's a total mess
up yeah so if you just like
wing it off the
screen that's so you get the crazy bad
return
right oh log
18 hold on
so I mean it does seem that there is
some stuff that you can do to
like
yeah there's totally stuff you can
do let's see why is this learning to be
this bad
then there's totally stuff you can do
and even just like not doing anything is
better than
what this is
doing I'm leaning towards like some sort
of data corruption because this is
insane
oops I mean is there anywhere where I
could just be like passing these tensors
or buffers wrong or something
dumb let's see observations is float
32 float
float star observations
yeah this is 1024x
right get pasted as a
slice and then I gots
it's made
here load
actions
nice 32 Rewards
load actions now has this
random data in
it observations I guess has some stuff
off to
set are these
identical no they're not identical
right and they have values on the
magnitude of what I would expect
terminals test here
I really don't see anything wrong with
this data buffers are getting populated
correctly
[Music]
what we get we get default policy
here with an lstm wrapper right
we just do
this oops
maybe we train a tiny
network does not seem to help
is there something Jun going on with our
default models or something
this is the reset step
right okay now we have new data
here 6 to 128 encoder
everything looks reasonable
here everything looks
eminently
reasonable drinking so much tea I'm
going to use the restroom again and uh
Kyle should be back in a couple
and we'll have to figure this out
something's weird with it something's
really screwy
right
[Music]
back
e e
[Music]
there's Kyle
hi how's it
going um do you want to see if we can
figure out how to get it like a Discord
call so it works with the stream or what
are you comfortable with
I'll do it off stream if you
prefer whatever let me see if I can get
Discord audio into
this what's your
Discord mostly going to Dev offline
sounds good
we can do that
too we got a fun Community with
puffer bunch of helpful people in
here hopefully I can just get you set up
with the rocket en and uh there's some
demons in this thing I'm trying to
figure
out seems like it should be learning
stuff but it's just like the policy is
being weird um I did get it to learn I
got it training now at like 7 800,000
steps per second though from Pokemon
days
I this you I don't think so
right
no here let
me uh message requests
think I sent you friend Rec on
there let me know if you got that
there we
go
hi good to talk with you um hold on let
me see if this audio is actually coming
through we don't have to do this on
stream if you don't want I just by
default I do everything here let me see
if I figure stuff
out yeah hold on for some reason I don't
think it's piping desktop audio through
either which is
weird
okay all right cool let me just figure
out if I can does anybody know how to
pipe uh desktop audio doesn't seem to be
covering it
this stream has actually been like
surprisingly effective for uh getting
new people on to puffer and
stuff
yeah video capture device okay I think
maybe this is going through now oh no
I'm probably speaking double shoot
okay I'm going to take one minute to do
this and if not it's just going to be
weird and we'll do whatever um oh I know
what I can do in the meantime let me get
you set up with the repo cuz that's
going to take you a second yeah so um
repo it's puffer lib uh branch is rocket
and uh the only thing that you're going
to have to install is uh just like clone
the puffer Fork of box 2D in there and
you'll be good
uh I have not tested it on Mac I've
tested it on Linux and I got a Linux box
set up as well for
it that's probably
better um shoot
where desktop audio it's
what core puffer
lib oh yeah that's it yeah it's just uh
puffer Leb rocket is uh the
branch uh audio
mixer so bizar
this discord's not muted
I yeah I know I know you can hear me
it's the stream is getting one side
click desktop audio properties and
select the right audio
device on OD OB okay here we'll give you
infinite
tunnel
um
so audio properties
it should be this one which is now this
is
unmuted
MHM St one
second property is for
stream steam streaming I
don't dang it which of
these I got it well what what do I set
this
to is it just this this is steam that
doesn't look like it
right
um which one is Discord play oh I see
yeah yeah yeah so I have to mirror my
headset audio is that
it say something
Kyle do what hello oh I think I think I
got it now that should be working I
think I see it working cool uh people
can let me know if that is is broken or
not but I think we got it so um provided
yeah we hear him now perfect so let me
give you the uh the breakdown of this
rocket app as soon as you have it set up
do you got it uh do you have stuff
installed I have it pulled I don't have
the box 2D stuff yet though okay so box
2D you'll get from the website uh and
then I will just I'll go over theh as
soon as you get box 2D um it's boxd from
it's in puffer as well it's just we
forked it and I increased like Max
worlds so that you can actually use it
fast um let's see sorry you said it's I
install from the website though uh no
you can just clone like puffer a ibox 2d
and just run the build sh and it'll work
got it okay there it is box I see it
yeah I also got us a nice box for
running experiments I got a basic sweep
integration setup and stuff the only
thing is there there's some demons in uh
there's some demons in the environment
or something cuz like it's not
optimizing it all and we're going to
have to sort that out um it is fast do
matter does it matter where I put box 2D
uh yeah you're going to just want to put
it inside of uh just the base puffer lib
because it'll get included
directly okay uh good clone that and
then just build
s um let's see okay I've got it cloned
where is the the just inside of box 3D
yeah inside of there there's a build sh
uh yep I let's see build.bat oh yeah
there it is
yep um let's see yeah just in
there I just need to I need to update my
team one
sec we don't have to do this now but um
if you do end up liking puffer we've got
all sorts of tools to make dependencies
and stuff
easier yeah that's I'm making a bunch of
demos for the class I teach and they
mostly just do Stu on collab yeah well
they only stuff on collab right now they
know how to set up right so it's a
nightmare trying to do any actual like
more than one script type homeworks yeah
collab is just bad like it's it's fine
for quick data analysis and plotting but
if you want to do any actual I don't
know I I'm not a fan personal I don't I
do not like collab like
the minimum like you got to get
researchers to at least be able to run a
script to pull a Docker
image I mean I I agree I think the issue
is we've got half the classes like third
year plus PhD students who are fine but
the rest are first dis year Master
students and so they're struggling not I
agree they should but they're not from
CS at all and so most of them they've
got mat lab and literally nothing else
right now and I can't Cycles in the
class teaching how to set up a python
environment I'm trying to teach them
yeah this is I mean this is the nice
thing with Docker is that they don't
have to deal with the python packaging
ecosystem they just have to pull the
image
um so that's been good for most of our
stuff but yeah I know it's rough when I
was taing it was a nightmare as
well okay um cake that should be the one
I want
yeah you got it oh turn him up a bit
though hold on
oh yeah it's I see it's it's at minus
three we'll just put this to zero
there be better can they hear me can
they hear me now yeah they they hear you
it's just uh a too quiet yeah people you
can let me know guys if there's audio
balance stuff um
yeah
so do you have
box2d I'm still setting up cake give me
it's been a minute uh I we do not use
cake in puffer because yeah it's it's
just the Box 2D unfortunately we have
just a build s we keep everything really
basic and simple does it want me to
install directly from the Cake website
fine okay I was hoping there'd be a way
I could just do it through manager but
this is the other use case for uh like
the puffer tank Docker that just has
everything
yeah to be fair you really don't need a
Docker for like most of what puffer does
because we don't have terrible in curse
dependencies but like other environments
that are used standard do have terrible
in curse
dependencies um yeah I don't know our
goal is pretty much just to replace all
the commonly used RL environments with
things that are better easier to use and
faster nice um so I struggling to
multitask also setting up cake you're
good I'll let you I'll let you go on
that for a bit
yeah for
e
it's just building now that it will be
pretty quick yeah but see make is
building I mean I'll let you know I oh
gosh that is yeah see makes obnoxious
yeah
yeah so this does train like uh if you
give it a sanity task it does train but
it like I don't know it trains like
ridiculously slowly for the number of
samples for some reason so it's not like
the optimizer is totally broken or
anything dumb like
that like if you just to press a
button I do that as a
test for the land you mean yeah like
I'll do stuff like that just to test to
make sure data like flow is not broken
right uh uh that does seem to work I
don't maybe the learning rate is just
too low I got 1 E minus 4 by 5 eus 4
what is the reward structure for this is
it just like Spar rewards finish it yeah
so we'll go over that for um the actual
like rewards that I've been using for
Stuff uh whatever I'm doing isn't
working at the moment so like but I was
essentially I was giving it I was just
trying to give it like a dense reward
for getting close to the Lander pad uh
not having a big rotation assigned to it
and try to like move slowly as
well okay okay so I 5x the learning rate
and now this sanity task actually
optimizes in a a reasonable amount of
time um so that's something so yeah
Optimizer not completely broken at the
least yeah and I will go back to the
original and maybe that has actually
done something we will
see but at least I got us in I got to a
decent starting spot for you um I
appreciate thank you yeah I know I like
this is just it's taking a frankly an
embarrassing amount of time with this
like the whole box 2D thing was a
nightmare I got like the python version
running very very quickly but it was
like 2,000 steps per second or something
disgusting yeah um yeah so that's just
not going to fly now with this on this
decent box I have multi train
multi this is CPU physics Sim right CPU
physics Sim but puffer very fast so we
have training is now at 770,000 steps
per second nice yeah for how many
parallel LS um let me see we could go
faster
technically oan but we'll get bald neck
by the policy pretty soon after that uh
[__] I think it's
8192 yeah 8192 okay it's async Factor as
well of two so like the Ford pass batch
size is
4096 um asynchronous sampling on
policy is it it's just learning with P I
assume PO with asynchronous environment
sampling but on policy so it has like a
double buffered
thing okay y uh okay great c is
bootstrapped now I can install
it I will also be cleaning up the
rendering of this at some point so that
it looks looks like the original um I
just made like a box and a like a
landing box uh in the C version for now
but you know I can very easily clean it
up so it looks cool like the original I
figured that the most important thing
would be to get it learning and get the
physics to be reasonable today yeah and
then uh I mean I if you have a demo next
week I'm oops I hit my mic I'm very
happy to just like get the drawing stuff
done for you if we can figure out the
learning side yeah totally I appreciate
it yeah
oh also it'll go on the website if box
2D actually behaves and can compile for
web if box 2D behaves then the whole
thing will behave in compile for web
which is awesome nice
yeah 30% cmate
compiled geez not even it's a pretty
good it's like a 10900k it should be
pretty quick but it's uh have you seen
the uh have you seen the puffer boxes we
use for our RL stuff uh I I know they're
490s I don't remember what the CPU and
most uh the one that I'm on now is a
13900 K we also have 14900 K in some of
them yeah but yeah we've got
uh
this yeah this
cluster oh yeah I ago
yeah how many uh Outlets of the have to
be on it sure it's a ton of power it
sucks back can't be on the same circuit
right no it's two uh two boxes per Loop
or per run yeah we had to do a little
bit of electrical for this um the goal
is going to be to get uh in the
relatively near future puffer is going
to have to get some Revenue first but to
get like a 200k cluster that's going to
have like 50 of these boxes and that
should be enough for us to power the
majority of Open Source RL research out
there
that's what we would like to
do and I got plans for the facility to
host that that's not going to be a
problem the main thing is just going to
be making sure that we get these things
right because we had a ton of problem
with the darned Intel chips in these and
yeah yeah yeah the 13 and 14 gen seem to
be bad on that yeah
yeah I did not expect cake to be the
things we're at
56%
jeez that's rough so uh I mean I can
start going over this the C with you in
the meantime so you can ignore I don't
know if you have stream open I have uh
the code up on this yeah yeah yeah I got
the audio from Discord but I've got the
perect so all this stuff at the top you
can ignore this is me trying to figure
out better drawing stuff uh we've got
some log structures for aggregating logs
across M there no big deal with that
bunch of
constants and then drawing whatever
here's the main M struct with the Lander
in it here's all the Box 2D setup right
here this is the main meat of it sets
gravity sets the world death creates the
Lander creates the barge um all that
stuff attaches some shapes to
them and then observations and rewards
here so observations it's a you know
somewhat roughly normalized position
velocity rotation angular
velocity okay and then reward so far you
can see that I've been messing around
with this here I try to do like this
Delta position I try to do like this
Delta uh rotation speed these sort of
things add these components together and
I just sort of played around with these
and uh would like print these out and
play the environment and see if they
looked roughly reasonable based on what
I was doing um they seem like they do
but clearly something is isn't working
correctly so I don't know if it's I
don't know if it's something in here or
there's like weird data Shenanigans or
something but at least it trains the
sanity tasks now sanity task is like if
you just uncomment this right the reward
just becomes uh don't press the first
button or whatever so you can do stuff
like this um reset here is yeah just
resets the transform uh I made it so
that You' like bump the rocket a little
bit at the start
so that like you actually have to press
buttons you can't just like let it
fall uhhuh uh and then here's our step
our step is we get all of the different
thrusters and then you just take the
first action component here and you like
apply this Thruster you apply the left
Thruster you apply the right th Thruster
for Simplicity to make sure that this is
not like bugged in action selection
somehow I just made a discret a four and
like it's don't do anything side
Thruster other side Thruster main
Thruster something like that we do have
continuous action support So once we
actually make this stuff work we can do
this continuous it's a very easy swap in
for something like that in fact it's
already set up for continuous it's just
the python wrapper that does the
conversion uh so that's fine and yeah
and then there's a reset if you get out
of Bounce or you take two so that's
basically the whole M the rest of this
is just drawing stuff you've got two
options for comp
compiling this is how you compile the
the python side so this builds scon uh
the scon version uh so this is what
you'll use for train but you also
have uh rocket Lander local and then
there's a web option and this will build
it in pure C so none of the shenanigans
going on in here uh okay of course it's
not going to let me render on this
remote box because I don't have uh
render pass through on this but if you
have this on like local or whatever you
can render it and you can play it that
way there's about a 10-second delay in
the Stream So I'm still catching up on
the things you're saying oh okay dang uh
it's probably best less delay on Twitch
or whatever um but yeah this is so yeah
that that's how it works
um let me
think uh yeah so that's pretty much
everything you can play it uh you can
play the environment yourself as well in
that mode you can train I can go over
standard puffer lib stuff at some point
but there's just a demo script it's like
wrapper so you can do n rocket Lander
mode train VC
multiprocessing track for one
B yeah okay I assume that this is the
the wrapper stuff this just the demos
script that's documented and I just swap
in the this environment once it's
compiled
oh it just like Das DM rocket Lander
will just do it for you yeah and then
you can see 780k steps per second here
and you know you open wand B you got to
like edit your put your you know your
wand b or whatever into the the demo
file it's kind of just clean RL like uh
in that sense but then yeah you get your
your stuff here and there's also sweeps
integration and things as well cool um
yeah I'm hoping that today we can just
figure out why this thing is cursed and
get it to actually optimize so that like
you can fix physics stuff I can make
this actually like you know I can clean
it up and make sure that it actually is
integrated correctly I can make this
thing actually look interesting and uh
we can have a demo for you pretty soon
nice okay so
that's I'll go through and I'll figure
out the setup for puffer puffer Li stuff
the what are the current you said it's
there's demons in it what are the
current demons I just don't know why I
just don't know why it like it's
learning some policy that's just
absolutely terrible like the default it
does way way way better than this if you
just don't press any
buttons you say if you don't press any
buttons you mean like if it just Falls
straight down yeah it'll do way better
than this if it just Falls straight down
so I don't know why because like the
sanity task seems to work I don't know
if the reward is super screwy um yeah
there's like there's some demons I've
been messing with this a whole bunch as
well
uh I've gone through like all the
different like shared observation arrays
rewards everything seems to look
reasonable from C side from python side
um yeah so yeah there's something screwy
here um and I have not figured out what
okay um I will look at that then uh
let's see I'm at 79% Cate so we're
almost there
jeez I can pull this up on my l local as
well this is how nice puffer tank is you
just like dockor sh whatever and I just
have my
container
nice so
build I just use the same one on like
local and
everything yeah right so here we have
our super basic rocket Lander you can
see it's like it applied some weird
transform I'm like messing with it now
to try to like land it better kind of
hard to keep it on course but like it is
pretty darn easy to do better than it's
like pretty easy to do better than just
not pressing anything and it's way easy
to do better than what the current
policy is doing which is like the
current policy is doing something like
this right yeah right I
see and then it times out is that why
reset uh it'll time out or if you go out
of
bounds there's like a bounding box where
I just check if you're outside of a
certain
coordinates I see are those is the
Bounty box on screen or is it like I see
it going off the top I assume it's off
screen uh I just set some coordinates
roughly there so like I think I probably
went off to the left there so this one
is on screen and then this probably the
top one's like a little off
screen we can change them I just like I
tried to do something so that it
wouldn't like have gigantic length
episodes doing random things
yeah um and this is the policy
controlling it right now that you
quickly trained no so if I do policy I
can do that oh so this is you physically
controlling it well if I don't if I just
take my hands off the keyboard it'll
just fall and then like I can tap you
know keys to like just change the action
space and like this is kind of
reasonable right like I got it to land
DEC is
um let me train something local real
quick here make sure I have the current
version the the thrusters are being
applied at the top of the rocket right
uh they're side thrusters at the top on
each side and then there's a bottom
Thruster you have three three
buttons
okay it's the the like the model based
control for this is also kind of fun
just because it's it's not totally
stable
well You' think RL will do very very
well once we have uh yeah it should
yeah right hand PS aren't nothing but a
thing for
RL especially when it's this fast like
this is
literally this is close to 500 decks
faster than the python version was
yeah that's
always for the if you saw the silly
video I posted earlier with the the
running down the the mountain that for
reference took about 12 hours to train
with I think 32 environments because I
run out of vram dang so the different
world where my my environment is always
my my
bottleneck polic is basically free at
that
point and why is the environment what
you run out of vram and 32m is kind of
nuts with with with that environment
with usually I train with like 4,000 on
a 3080 it's like 12 GB of vram and it's
I can do that no problem it's when
you're making like really really big
it's like the physics rendering for the
environment is is the issue it's not
like yeah yeah it's all like Photo
realistic end uh rendering you can do
like visual policies with Sim to real
transfer to real cameras which is kind
of nice but the cost you pay is in GPS
yeah we're trying to get like I don't
know the W the direction I've been going
in puffers just trying to make like
complex interesting M's but make sure
everything is crazy fast just so like
you can run the research at a reasonable
rate yeah that makes sense okay this is
now installing great so in theory I
should have cake now let's see if I
actually have
cake cool that's the new version
beautiful so let's see if I
can
um go back to
puffer box
[Music]
2D great great and now we're building
box 2D yeah let's see new St here what
what are you s
about xkb
common let's just open I'm going to open
up this garbage policy I just trained
I'll like load it and we'll watch and
see what it's learned to do
it'll save the last Model to WB for you
you can kind of just like if you want to
do it on a local box
just rocket. PT
okay does it do checkpointing or just
the most recent one by default uh it
saves checkpoints locally it'll just
it'll only upload the last one I see got
it
see if this does
anything wrong
box oh I'm in dependency hell uh I need
something called xkb for box 2D
which is built with something called
Maison cool all right the
heck
yeah you can just grab the puffer tank
at that point if you want but uh I'm
tempted
to yeah it's kind of funny since I made
puffer tank like dependency hell just no
longer exists for
me nice yeah cuz that's that's where
we're currently are
yeah cm is sometimes a pain CU
occasionally I have to upgrade the
version on the base image but
yeah all right
so here is the stupid model being stupid
okay yeah it's not not so
good
um now won't it won't turn off so quick
yeah I
it's like it tries to balance it for a
bit and then it just like screws up and
can't recover which is to be fair that
is what happens with the N but like it's
just it's pressing its buttons too
much like you only really need to nudge
it a little bit like look it's trying
there and then it screws it up right is
there any regularization on the action
rate and total
thrust um nope not at the moment there
should be okay but like I look into that
yeah I figured that like we if we can
get this thing to like learn something
reasonable and then just like Port over
the missing physics stuff from the main
en um pretty much once you get into a
space where like your EnV is correct and
you can learn something puffer will Auto
solve because fast
right meaning like once you have a
reward function as well that solves your
task yeah once you have something where
it's like you know rewards going up
maybe it's taking a little too long
maybe this maybe that but it's generally
working you just like run it for longer
or run a hyper pram sweep or whatever
and you're
good fixing another dependency super
fun yeah this is the one other thing
with box 2D like uh having to include
that as a dependency is kind of
rough yeah um let see if can just build
this eventually we'll like find some
like no
dependency um engine or whatever at some
point like I want like a physics.
h
yeah no that's a couple years ago I
tried to roll my own physics for exactly
that reason and got as far needed for my
project and no farther because it was a
mess yeah physics seems
rough it's a shame because we like
basically if we had that stuff working
we could just roll tons of interesting
control LMS uh with buffer and like I
mean at least for like um you can even
do high dim continuous control you just
can't do like High Fidelity or
whatever
um and that like should run fast okay
I'm just switching to puffer tank
because i' I had too many dependence it
wasn't just cake it was then one of the
other requirements required its own
installer and that didn't work I'm not
doing any of that today um how many phds
does it take to install cmake yeah yeah
right stupid I had cake installed but
then it was there was a different
dependency inside of box 2D that I
didn't have yeah that's
awful I say puffer tank 1.0 I assume uh
whatever the latest is yeah that was his
main um okay I know I already have
Docker so I will just clone this sorry
it's taking a second yeah no worries you
do that real quick I'm going use a
restroom yeah right back
okay
e e
all
[Music]
right project
um once I have puffer tank installed how
do I I've got the vs code instructions I
typically use themm but I can use vs
code as well I'm on I'm on neov here it
Neo pre-installed as well um or once I
have pupper tank how do I uh like set up
the docker container or run it I
guess uh how do you run the container
there's um so there's the script like
the runsh and it shouldn't have to build
the whole thing for you it should just
pull the image from uh from dockerhub so
it should just be whatever the download
time is and then like Docker Dosh test
um so let's see I see Docker Dosh I just
run that yeah run doer sh test should
work yep there you go
building yep it's pulling now
good thanks to bet our resident
Advertiser around here yes folks please
do star star the puffer repo helps out a
ton
oh nice
hello bet works on um Pokemon and a few
other things around
nice I'm really trying to think what the
issue could be here with um
with this
m you already went through and checked
that the observations looked right both
on the python andc side they look like
they're like they look
reasonable I mean but think about it
like even if not like it should just be
able to learn to not press any buttons
and it'll do better than it's doing
now um if let's say I do some quick
plotting with on the python side of
things where would I do that just so I
could like plot out the actions over
time it's position velocity whatever
over time just cu very easy to see that
clean clean puff RL is our souped up
version of clean RL which is what the
demo script to use this the demo script
is basically just a harness that like uh
parses like some config files and like
Imports M's for you and stuff like that
uh handles yeah at some point yeah I'd
like to figure out how to minimize stuff
a bit more than it is but there's
actually like it does quite a bit um it
like handles integrating all the
different M for you
and like sweeps and like various config
files there's like a config system
that's like pretty simple but also
supports like base configs and stuff
like that
nice okay so I might play around there
on and just do some plotting on the
python side first just to confirm that
everything looks not
abely I believe you that it's looks okay
but I I'll Pro no that's way that's way
better actually if you do that yeah um
that's exactly what we want to figure
out at the
moment yeah and then if that all looks
right then I might just play reward
engineer for a minute and see what I can
do um
yep because yeah the physics look
reasonable it's just if the yeah the
data is getting Marshall
appropriately um yeah which I check for
a lot but it's like stuff's weird yeah
what was the the couple commands you did
to just build it from c i I saw how you
ran it from the demo script that was
fine but the building and I didn't so
just setup.py buildor X Das Das in
place like I am I hear you I'm gonna
need to see that uh I'll it to you
thanks I appreciate it
it's just like the common extensions
thing let see if
this finishing the download it's just
about
done container is a little chunky
because we have like the specific python
version and stuff in it yeah I was try
I'd like to know how to Minify that
thing but I just haven't had the time to
do that
now the the docker container for all my
Isaac stuff is like 10 gigabytes so I I
get it I think ours is as well
yeah for that it's the the nice thing is
it's that's only the base dependencies
all the actual assets and data are in
some Amazon bucket that we pull
from um yeah puffer it's pretty much
like that is the tank
yeah it's got it got it
all yeah just extracting
now okay run I'm gonna run a quick
experiment with just the Y reward to see
if that does
anything okay cool I'm in the tank now
uh in the test specifically mhm
um
let's
see just the Y
reward we actually have a train curve
that looks kind of like a train curve
okay oh yeah for the return yeah yeah
um are the total returns usually net
negative uh it depends actually I don't
know what
the
why I'm sure you've seen this a million
times my rewards are net negative and
there's a way for the agent to kill
itself it turbo learns suicide every
single time
yeah it's F what it's funny that it does
that
because oh no I guess that would work
yeah it depends how you handle like
terminals I guess yeah I I'm used to to
ends where we don't have any kind of
terminal rward because it's not sparse
it's like Locomotion for example or it's
continuous if
you yeah hm
um anyway I'm in the puffer tank but I'm
trying to switch to the rocket branch
and that's where I'm currently
stuck um just get pull and then just get
checkout D- track origin
rocket is there a way to visualize my
current path I love the little puffer
fish emoji it's cute but I never know
where I
am tank puffer lib yeah just LS or PWD
uh let's see CD there and then then like
get and then like get
checkout flash
rocket I'll get you set
up uh I just did rocket not backlash
rocket
that's is set up to track remote Branch
rocket yeah that's fine uh okay I think
I got it mhm uh let's find out let's try
and run this rocket demo set up do the
set up the setup build de in place first
but yeah the set
up so I'm looking for it one second um
where is this I set up
high wrong with
this uh let's see setup. high what
command does it need local or see
so I just
do don't and
then this will that'll do it as well P
installed that you
don't do
that if we had just started with the
tank we would have been set up by now
yeah
I didn't want to like make you go
through Docker initially cuz like if you
already have a reasonable setup with
cake and stuff it shouldn't be hard but
like dependencies I'm pretty sure this
is exactly what happened when we did the
Pokemon red stuff as well where I also
tried to get a set up without the puffer
tank yeah and then I think I just used
the tank and it worked fine um okay what
is it s about now um this is why puffer
tank exists and people like I don't want
Docker I don't want Docker I don't want
docker I want my VMS and then it's like
oh my VMS made me sad I'll use Docker
now
yeah I depends if you're doing something
very small scale content environments
are fine but anything with like actual
software in it you should probably just
use the docker container the thing is
the docker just kind of always works and
if you maintain your base image like
it's actually quicker to reset to a
clean M than it is with cond or
something is why I figure uh it's
nice what it see why are you complaining
um build building editable for puffer
lb uh I might have broke something
what's the
error uh it's well got a ton of sped out
at me but it's it's called editable like
failed building editable for puffer lib
setup tools enable features Legacy
editable okay let's try
I can do it without editable mode but I
build uh that'll do something weird try
this you should have a correct version
of setup tools in the tank though that's
weird uh let's find
out see if you can just build X
uh let's see setup
tools I have
72.1 I mean whatever is on the tank
should be fine it's like you didn't
upgrade setup tools or anything when you
open the tank right so no no I didn't
tou I didn't touch anything I just does
build X in place
work um
oh sorry build x what I'm so I'm
currently in the puffer lib
folder well there's puffer tank SL
puffer lib that's the repository and
then there's the package folder which is
one lower you want to be in the base of
puffer Li and then do uh you know
setup.py build X in place or pip install
d e dot I don't know if you're in the
right cuz that should have worked like
if you just
did yeah so I'm just in puer tanker lip
is where I currently am okay so then
that setup should have worked try just
build X in place see if that does
it like like a python setup yeah I dm'
you on Discord you have very cool sorry
I have Discord on my phone so it's it's
got the call okay that's why because
I've been sending you the commands now
now I see the messages sorry I've not
seen any of these thank you okay yeah
yeah I've been sending you commands the
whole time to like
okay hey there we go
um set
up if you just give it y reward it seems
like it learns to spin a
bunch but uh it doesn't like fly off up
in up in the screen so that's
interesting oh yeah like this yeah
apparently nope it does do that still
that's weird and you're asking for it to
hover in place that what the reward
telling it to do I think the reward
should just be go down but I might just
be dumb and reading it wrong
very janky
rocket
yeah cool thing is once we figure out
like the general box 2D setup for stuff
we can use it for all sorts of physics
ends
true maybe there would have been an
easier one to start with but that's okay
oh no I figured just Landing a rocket
will be good we'll just make it Mars
themed or something like hey Elon we
fixed here just deploy this it'll work
for sure yeah you get your rocket
tomorrows we'll take it from here
yeah let's land it yeah it'll land
exactly like
this I mean put airbags on it it's not
that's what the real stuff does no yeah
I'm it spins at like
let's try the rotation
reward in the mean
time at the least we can run 50 mil step
experiments in a minute so
nice um
let's
see um got memory as well there's let's
see oh I do need to build box 2D first
without the issue in here yeah
um see where is box 2D you got a clone
uh you gotta from inside okay all right
all right let's see now we're getting
somewhere
uh wait who is this what
is hold on there's a a thing on this let
me fix this what is the number of
btes to store all legal move
sequences in tictac
toe store the board
state of every possible legal
sequence of moves um
9 bits times n 80 technically 81 bits is
like a naive thing if you want to be
really dumb about it you can probably
do a short per state
so you can do 18 you can do 18 bytes I
think you can probably make it more
compressed than that
though wait is that true no cuz it's
three three bits per space
right 3 bits times 9 is 27 each so let's
just say you use an INT per each so it
should just be nine
times
uh * 4 20
wait four bytes
n yeah 36 okay you can do it in 36 you
can probably do it in smaller than
that oh for a specific sequence I mean
sure there's some curse uh like bit
packing you can do if you remember like
a yeah do bit packing for
sure uh like how to minimize a chess
board state I'm sure you can apply the
same thing
here you can definitely do uh three bits
per I mean you can do 27 bits times uh
times what it 27 bits time
oops so 27 bits so
30 uh 31 btes you can definitely
do it depends how much you actually care
about
like and in most cases like you're going
to be bottlenecked for something that's
small you're going to be bottlenecked by
speed not anything else and it also
probably doesn't matter that much like
you tic taaco you'll just insta solve
anyways with anything that you
do uh also I got it set up
now and everything so we can actually do
this we can actually do this perfect
extended setup session
yeah
um did this already train oh jeez jez
this produced absolutely terrible reward
with the
rotation that's crazy so yeah
something's definitely Giga cursed um
let me see how to I might not have
understood your question
then let's see where do I put my weights
and biases stuff so I can just train the
base what it currently
is weights and biases stuff uh just in
the demo file like you'll see like I got
J or whatever in there put your
stuff are you trying to like get like a
hash so you can compare the current
legal moves or something to to
something like I don't know what you're
trying to do
like what's the actual problem you're
trying to
solve like is this an interview question
or you're building an
rln what's like the old riddle like you
know you've got like is it like three
demons like one of them always tells the
truth or is it two demons one of them
always uh lies one of them always tells
the truth or whatever I like the
alternative version the xkcd version
which is that there three demons one of
them always lies one always tells the
truth and one stabs people who ask
tricky questions that's
funny I don't like I don't like out of
cont like out of
context like like out of context
problems like that
right um it says let's see it's not a
error but when I enter themm it says
super Maven and them not found yeah
that's fine that's just um you can just
like like col use free or super Maven
use free or whatever uh it's just it has
my default like autocomplete plugin set
up
for e
oh I see what you are asking
that's I why would you want to do
that
like you want to store every possible
game of Tic Tac
Toe yeah then that becomes like an
obnoxious
then you're just asking me how many
games of tic-tac-toe there are or
whatever right and you just index them
or
something and that becomes like
a tells me amount of
space everybody's got an 800 on the SAT
my friend I
like yeah like I don't like I If you'd
ask me that question when I was a
freshman in undergrad and was looking at
those stuff I probably could answer you
because it's like it's just like a
combinatorics problem I'm pretty sure
the way now I'm realizing what you're
asking counting the number of
games well no because if you want to
like identify a game uniquely then you
just need like an Index
right but like this is like this is like
the type of thing that you like this is
like um programming fundamentals
interview question like this type of
thing doesn't actually like I've never
actually seen like a problem like this
in practice in any of my
work it's like are You Smarter Than A
Fifth Grader but are you smarter than
some random guy on Twitter's little
brother yeah it's actually pretty funny
cuz I've like severely severely bombed
uh interviews because they ask you like
first year algorithms and like
algorithms questions it's like if you'd
asked me when I was 20 but like the
reason I don't know it anymore is
because it's like literally has never
been used in any of the things I've ever
worked
on
yeah
um all right enough rambling do you have
a do you have the thing I'm trying to uh
let's see it's the C task which is or
sorry en which is
rocket uh you might send me the the
script the command to run it to run what
do you want the python just the yeah for
now so you oh I see what you want demo
yeah
that
yep I was just going through and looking
at the different config files just
getting a feel for
M
processing something like that there a
few other
Flags
Okay sequences
sequence of
legal okay I have a training now okay
cool is it fast uh
520,000
SPS so that's yeah given that seems
reasonable that makes sense
is everything like the the model
architecture is that all configured just
from the config files that go into the
demoy you can put arbitrary custom stuff
but yeah if you just you can give it
like the name of uh the torch class or
whatever that's in there and it'll just
load that from like the the uh the model
file so there's like a default one
there's like a default Rec current one
and stuff you can just write whatever
there's no Base Class for puffer it's
just you make arbitrary torch
networks not that I I don't think that
matters at all I just I want to know
where everything
lives
yeah I keep getting these Tic Tac Toe
comments here and it's like
what one move is a sequence
puffer written on top of pie torch the
puffer core is framework agnostic or
demos are in P
torch do you mean like by moves it's
like you know you can do like one
through nine or whatever for each move
so like you know you it's
nine to the nine or whatever is like a
game oops
is like a
game 30 what's
that 387
megabytes something like
that like you would never want to store
that for anything like ever so it's it's
like a interview question you can
probably prune it by a lot as well
well but like naively I
like I know it's funny like there are a
lot of folks in um Academia and such
that like you know challenging problems
I like the easiest possible problem that
is
important so uh you have this thing
training you have it
it already trained although I I might
have sent it to your WB I haven't
figured out where to put my username in
uh it's not going to let you send it to
my WB so I'm sure just didn't send it
yeah you got to do Dash you add Dash
Dash Track to use WB and then it'll ask
for credentials have you heard of tiny
yeah cool looks like a cool project um
if anybody wants to add bindings for
that they're free to we will potentially
look at it in the future
all right let me see what happened with
this train
curve let me pull up my weights and
biases real quick to get my API key but
yes I have a training um cool so that
all works fine yeah I there's something
incredibly cursed here cuz like even
this rotation reward it like crashes
down from like to negative hundreds or
whatever
I mean it's possible I'm just like not
specifying the thing that I think I
am
um I mean it's a few lines of code you
can look at it right like we can kind of
run all the experiments we want on this
in just a few
minutes
yeah
um okay and then let's see I need to go
back and find that C file with the
rewards in it that's what I'm going to
play with it first
mhm rocket landera
all the new puffer environments it's
puffer lib environments
ocean nice okay an ocean of environments
for learning puffer
fish okay
um
um there environments yep
and then here
is box
2D and there's environment.
by oh this is car racing hold on what
wrong repo or wrong folder I imagine
yep oh yeah ocean that's what you said
yep oh yeah also that car racing m is
also like a physics M I think that also
uses box 2D that ran at like it was
something
abysmal I think it was like dozens of
steps for a second there we go uh Cy
rocket Lander Doc and Rocket Lander C
there we go y so theh is what the scyon
version uses and the C is just like a
little I mean it it has nothing it just
runs a
demo I see it okay I'm in the this file
now we get it to learn I'll clean it up
and it'll be like you know quality of
the rest of the puffer M code which is
substantially
better
yeah okay it's all this header file I
see it MH okay beautiful then I think
I've got what I need to oh last one is
just the to build it to rebuild it so I
can
uh the setup.py buildex in place okay I
just run that again and it'll build
everything nice yeah just make sure that
you don't forget to run that uh after
changing because you'll be running the
old environment right yeah right that
makes sense yeah there's also the C like
you can run it in pure C mode as well
but if you're on like a remote SSH box
unless You' got like forwarding and
stuff set up it's not going to render
for you it's just going to crash so
probably you'll want to run through
python I use the C mode mostly for like
deving and making sure I I have CU it
gives you better compile messages and
stuff um I'll send you the command for
that just in case you want it yeah cuz I
X11 forwarding to a Mac is very very
cursed and so
I toize it anyways this is why I just
have a local version I can set up build
I
don't do there you go is there an opt to
log the video thank you is there option
to log videos to weights and biases
that's why if not I can look think we've
got that at the moment that actually
would be kind of tricky this why we have
the local stuff for fair the way I
normally Dev this right is I have like I
have the same container locally and
remote and I'll just like pull the model
down and run it on the local or
whatever
yeah that that's what I do for some of
my tests but then we also like during
training we send videos as well just to
make that a little easier um but for now
this this works fine I can sit on my
desktop I'm at home so yep um okay cool
then I think I have everything I need to
work on this uh like I'll probably do
most of my Dev offline tonight tomorrow
but I'll not do sometime afternoon there
is there anything you think I should
like do here that would help you because
like I don't I don't want to leave you
with just like this totally cursed
reward thing where there's like it's
probably reward but there might be
something like much more nefarious here
I don't know um I can just keep looking
at it for a bit at the same time if you
want like off offline but um I mean if
it's just a reward thing I I kind of
like tuning reward functions which is a
good thing maybe I stock them to as a
grad student um that doesn't bother me
any if there's you know even if after
playing with this for let's say a day
it's just still nothing is working right
then maybe there's something deeper
going on but I'm I think it's worth at
least playing around with for just doing
reward tuning for a little bit it's
that's usually how I I would approach
something when the environment looks
like it's training fine the rendering
looks fine like nothing looks like the
physics is wrong that you said you
printed out the observations which I'll
I'll also double check but that I think
is probably not the issue so my guess is
this is just a one of those reward
engineering is hard let's try something
okay I mean then try some sanity things
I I tried a few other things like I
tried really reducing the time
resolution and stuff to see if it was
like you know continuous rewards can be
kind of Jank cuz the difference between
the like current step and Next Step
continuous reward is really small so I
tried to like do stuff with that I tried
to like discretize the rewards so it
would be like you get a reward for
moving in the right direction or
whatever um I tried a few things with
that and none of that seemed to make a
difference but yeah I'll let you play
with this for a bit and if things seem
like cursed and you think hey there's
like a puffer data thing just message me
and I will mess with that sounds good
and then let's see what math I I just do
you have a function here for doing
exponentials I'm sure there's some
library that you're using that I use
isn't it just XF or something math XF I
think so okay cool yeah there's just I'm
good XF yeah I use exponential kernel
for a lot of my stuff like it'll squ
gions okay and there's uh I mean there's
the original python thing uh repo for
the rocket Lander M that has like all
the math in it and you know if you want
to like push it to the uh into that um
yeah like I it's definitely not fully
physics physically correct it does seem
like there's something screwy with the
learning because it should be able to do
way better than it's doing yeah um that
makes sense I'm going to look at it
tonight and tomorrow and then let's
maybe chat tomorrow okay sounds good I
apprciate love getting this set up this
is way easier once we switch to Docker
so glad that that got set up chat after
long run tomorrow all right sounds good
that I'll see you have a good stream see
you bye
bye okay cool um I think that actually
is going to be it for stream for today
today cuz probably I'm going to go get
some food and then I'm going to work
on uh I'm going to work on some other
offline M for a
bit
Yeah but
um thanks for tuning in to the impromptu
Saturday
stream and let me just link this in the
chat real
quick you want to help out start the
puffer helps out a whole ton and you can
also join us
on discord.gg
Buffer if you're interested in
contributing or getting